[Music]
we all know that there are certain
virtues that are good for us
intelligence wisdom bravery justice
respect responsibility honesty
unselfishness compassion patience and
perseverance always have been and always
will be positive virtues think of some
people who have those traits
maybe it's Martin Luther King or Abraham
Lincoln or George Washington I bet you
know a lot of facts about these
historical figures but maybe you've
never taken the time to think about
their character let's talk about Sybil
Ludington she's a little-known
revolutionary figure but boy was she
something she wrote 40 miles to the damp
cold night of April 26 1777 to alert the
colonial militia of a British attack her
action was similar to that of Paul
Revere only she wrote twice as far and
was only 16 years old that takes some
real guts
Mariah Greene anyone ever heard of Berea
Greene he was president of the first
integrated school in the United States
he also spent the majority of its life
fighting for the immediate abolition of
slavery he used his voice pen and good
deed to fight slavery Berea Green was
fiercely devoted to evolution before it
was popular because he believed it was
the right thing to do and then there's
Abraham Lincoln you know he was
president during the Civil War he wrote
the Emancipation Proclamation and is
credited with freeing the slaves he went
to war with the south to save the Union
he helped the country get through one of
its most difficult times he kept the
United States United but above all that
Abraham Lincoln showed great leadership
could any of these people have done the
deeds they're famous for without bravery
compassion dedication or wisdom no
history can teach us much more than just
the facts it's full of examples of how
to live better and for you even if
you're not freeing the slaves or riding
40 miles on horseback bravery and wisdom
will help you get an a on that test ask
out that cute boy and get that great job